**Emilie Grand’Pierre**

December 2022

# Introduction—
This repository is a culmination of my Computer Science & Digital and Computational Studies Coordinate major at Bowdoin College. When brainstorming different avenues and passions I could explore through this semester-long project, what repeatedly came to mind was a recent conversation at work: during my summer internship, my manager asked for my phone. Though slightly strange, my manager was relatively young, there is nothing incriminating on my phone, and I am an open person, so I handed it to him. Immediately, he opened ‘Venmo,’ a service that allows you to “move money between it and your bank accounts, so your cash is exactly where you want it, when you want it” (Venmo). Then, he turned to me and said, “If I wanted to, I could drain all of your bank accounts in seconds,” then handed back my phone. Unsurprisingly, I was shocked. 

Since that conversation, I have of course added a password to Venmo, but I continue to be plagued with the same regret: how could I hand over my phone along with its capacity to transfer money with no hesitation? Inspired by Cai et. al paper "Trends in FinTech Research and Practice” this initial question evolved into an exploration of the publics' definition of fintech and how this term is transforming people's perception of money using the burst algorithm on a corpus of Reddit posts. 

Ultimately, by applying the burst algorithm to this specific corpus, I hope to add to the literature surrounding sentiment and user understanding of fintech. One of the key lenses of analysis applied in this paper is the DCS 5As Framework, with an emphasis on Abstraction and Agency. This work is incredibly relevant: “the financial services marketplace continues to become more disaggregated” (FDIC 2021) and a deeper analysis of the sentiment driving this trend is in order. At scale, individuals are shifting to use fintech in place of traditional banks: according to a 2021 FDIC National Survey, “almost half of all US households use online payment services” a statistic that was not captured in this biannual survey until 2021 (FDIC 2021). Addressing a different facet of this emerging financial sector, “the growing volume and sophistication of peer-to-peer scams have spurred lawmakers…to pressure banks to do more to help fraud victims” (WSJ 2022). More broadly, this new pressure on banks and fintech to define and enforce fraud and refund rules marks a turn away from government-led consumer protection. As a result, with less stringent regulation and rudimentary fraud protection, the last safeguard [against financial manipulation] may come from consumer education” (Arner 2016). Let’s get educated. 

To view the complete paper, please download it here. 

# How to Use the Code
Unfortunately, due to Reddit’s Terms and Conditions surrounding user content, I could not publish the exact corpus used to generate the results of the burst algorithm. However, in this repository, you will find the web scraper script I used to collect my corpus, the burst algorithm itself, and a file containing all the graphs produced for the paper. Feel free to download the code and use it yourself!